commands/allcommands/index.md, before:

# Commands
List of slash commands for Ro-Bot V2<br><br>

## Music commands
[/play](/commands/musiccommands/play): Play a song with url from youtube/youtube music/spotify<br>
[/search](/commands/musiccommands/search): Search for a song to play from youtube<br>
[/queue](/commands/musiccommands/queue): Show song queue<br>
[/dc](/commands/musiccommands/dc): Delete queue and disconnect bot<br>
[/skip](/commands/musiccommands/skip): Skip currently playing song<br>
[/replay](/commands/musiccommands/replay): Add selected song to start of queue<br>
[/shuffle](/commands/musiccommands/shuffle): Shuffle song queue<br>
[/radio](/commands/musiccommands/radio): Turn on youtube radio function to get recommended song<br>
[/pause](/commands/musiccommands/pause): Pause currently playing song<br>
[/resume](/commands/musiccommands/resume): Resume currently playing song<br>
[/loop](/commands/musiccommands/loop): Enable loop to loop queue after queue ends<br>
[/rickroll](/commands/musiccommands/rickroll): Clear music queue and rickroll specified voice channel<br>
[/joinvc](/commands/musiccommands/joinvc): Pull bot into a voice channel<br><br>

## Basic commands
[/avatar](/commands/basiccommands/avatar): Get discord avatar of user/server<br>
[/info](/commands/basiccommands/info): Get discord infomation of user/server<br>
[/echo](/commands/basiccommands/echo): Repeat a phrase in another channel<br>
[/help](/commands/basiccommands/help): Get list of command and functions<br>
[/react](/commands/basiccommands/react): Send reaction to a message with bot<br><br>

## Utility commands
[/ping](/commands/utilitycommands/ping): Check the latency between server and API<br>
[/clear](/commands/utilitycommands/clear): Delete messages from a channel<br>
[/report](/commands/utilitycommands/report): Sends a report to Flame#0003<br>
[/reactrole](/commands/utilitycommands/reactrole): Add reaction role to a message<br>
[/twitterfollow](/commands/utilitycommands/twitterfollow): Follow a user with discord's webhook<br>
[/embed](/commands/utilitycommands/embed): Send or edit an embed message<br>
[/welcomemsg](/commands/utilitycommands/welcomemsg): Add welcome message to server<br><br>

<a class="button next" href="./#/commands/musiccommands/play" role="button">Play ></a>

Commit message:

added prev command, fixed typos

commands/allcommands/index.md, after:

# Commands
List of slash commands for Ro-Bot V2<br><br>

## Music commands
[/play](/commands/musiccommands/play): Play a song with url from youtube/youtube music/spotify<br>
[/search](/commands/musiccommands/search): Search for a song to play from youtube<br>
[/queue](/commands/musiccommands/queue): Show song queue<br>
[/dc](/commands/musiccommands/dc): Delete queue and disconnect bot<br>
[/prev](/commands/musiccommands/prev): Play previous track<br>
[/skip](/commands/musiccommands/skip): Skip to next track in queue<br>
[/replay](/commands/musiccommands/replay): Add selected song to start of queue<br>
[/shuffle](/commands/musiccommands/shuffle): Shuffle song queue<br>
[/radio](/commands/musiccommands/radio): Turn on youtube radio function to get recommended song<br>
[/pause](/commands/musiccommands/pause): Pause currently playing song<br>
[/resume](/commands/musiccommands/resume): Resume currently playing song<br>
[/loop](/commands/musiccommands/loop): Enable loop to loop queue after queue ends<br>
[/rickroll](/commands/musiccommands/rickroll): Clear music queue and rickroll specified voice channel<br>
[/joinvc](/commands/musiccommands/joinvc): Pull bot into a voice channel<br><br>

## Basic commands
[/avatar](/commands/basiccommands/avatar): Get discord avatar of user/server<br>
[/info](/commands/basiccommands/info): Get discord infomation of user/server<br>
[/echo](/commands/basiccommands/echo): Repeat a phrase in another channel<br>
[/help](/commands/basiccommands/help): Get list of command and functions<br>
[/react](/commands/basiccommands/react): Send reaction to a message with bot<br><br>

## Utility commands
[/ping](/commands/utilitycommands/ping): Check the latency between server and API<br>
[/clear](/commands/utilitycommands/clear): Delete messages from a channel<br>
[/report](/commands/utilitycommands/report): Sends a report to Flame#0003<br>
[/reactrole](/commands/utilitycommands/reactrole): Add reaction role to a message<br>
[/twitterfollow](/commands/utilitycommands/twitterfollow): Follow a user with discord's webhook<br>
[/embed](/commands/utilitycommands/embed): Send or edit an embed message<br>
[/welcomemsg](/commands/utilitycommands/welcomemsg): Add welcome message to server<br><br>

<a class="button next" href="./#/commands/musiccommands/play" role="button">Play ></a>
